Okay, you can go back first
If there is any situation, please tell the front desk.
Thank you Tang Lu
Hmm Tang Lu
Let me ask you a question.
You just said that if he gets the money, his husband will love him to the death.
What does that mean?
What do you mean by this sentence?
Suspect that I am not Tang Lu
You're wrong about me
I know that in your eyes I am an old woman who has never been in love
Know what?
Tang Lu, don't say that
You are in such a good shape and so beautiful
Where is it old?
Don't flatter
I just think so
That's a little thoughtless of you.
It's illogical
It doesn't make sense.
I don't understand love
But I understand human nature. What do you mean?
Do you think his husband really loves that woman before spending money on that woman? Otherwise?
Because he bore him a son
The idea of family succession is particularly strong
Yeah, isn't that more questionable?
He got the money and his husband shouldn't hate him more
How can you love him so much?
The money is in his hands
His husband doesn't love him. Who does he love?
That's human nature.
So there is no love between husband and wife
Marriage is a game
Tang Lu, I don't want to fall in love even if you say so.
That's good.
In the future, I will give you a divorce relationship Tang Lu
Don't you go to work, lad? It's been a day, aren't you tired?
It's okay, the leader specially approved me to take care of you.
No, I don't have to work, I don't have to take care of me, I'm not paraplegic
It's my job to take care of you
You're welcome.